drinking whiskey when that Whiskey's burn through my veins Indi end goes
crazy and the Scotsman wants to bash out the brain of an English
man don't know why got a little mixed up in the hills of Carolina you see you got
your selling and you got your drinking whiskey oh yeah drinking whiskey oh oh
yeah welcome to tonight's Wednesday night bible study at lady Babylon season
4 it's nice to see everyone what we're GNA do tonight is
take you into the deep get ready for this okay get comfortable get your seats
set up you're sitting there on that Throne of Satan right in that
spot you are the morning star yeah you are the Morning Star you
are in that Throne you are
eonic that's an orphic word for those of us who are learning the orphic speech
fish hurry up and figure out Dragon tongue tonight on lady Babylon we'll be looking at the Alpha and the
Omega and we'll have a just a short clip that
will satisfy the appetites of all you
[Music]
necromancers I've been very much looking forward to this what we're going to do
right off the bat but before we jump up the Alpha and the Omega is we're going
to invite a guest in this is Chuck bodair Chuck say hello to
everybody uh we're going to give you just a Visions
moment of the great poetry of the
Revenant
[Music]
thank you Chuck that was very nice that was very nice so digest
that take that symbol remember we're looking at the saturnian verse and Chuck
is a master of the saturnian verse yes and so are his translators
yeah at least one of them flecker flecker we gotta hunt down that guy okay
tonight I want to jump right into the Bible because here we are this is our opportunity and you guys know this is
you know this is all going according to a schedule and our apocalypse will proceed accordingly tonight we're going
to look we're going to look at Jesus Christ we're going to look at Jesus
Christ let's look at him I need the first reference chewy throw it up there hit it
excellent
alos yeah I am the Alpha and the Omega says the Lord
God I am the one who is and who was and
who will be I am the
Ponto take it down and you say okay I got just about all of that I got all
that up to that Ponto cror thing and the evangelicals run around and they're like Alpha to Omega hoooo haha uh uh gessy
guess and tickle me fancy nothing comes out of it but fairy
tale that you and I are dancing too like a bunch of
zombies I love it nobody looks at the end of that nobody looks at the end of
that bring that up again Chey look at what is this word here ponor who is that Jesus Christ give me
the next slide look at this look at this here here's our word on the
right look at on the right here we have Ponto there he is right and this is the
peculiar feminine of that form Ponto and why is it peculiar because it
predates it predates the stuff that you're using oh so it's a feminine uh yeah just
like don't worry it's orphic uh Greek and it is just like the
soter and the sotera and it turns out just like Jesus
Christ was not the first savior yeah he was also not the
first Ponto both of those forms are used
earlier of a woman both of them it's not that the form is feminine
it's that it predates the masculine huh was that's interesting you
can't you can't screw around with Kronos man you just can't you can't do it this stuff is too hot okay it's hot you feel
it sizzling it's sizzling let's get into Jesus Christ the Alpha and the Omega
that formula by the way that he put up there the one that is and the one that will be yeah the one that was
yes repeated over and over and over
again that my friends is cilene Oracle
that's what you're smelling when you you're like oh you smell the Dank
tonight we're getting the Dank right this is the Dank are you on the throne are you out there I know you
are yeah let's go to the the next one pull it up fantastic who is this one who
is this one I just want you to look just really quick here I'm going to have to put my glasses on this is ridiculous
here I'm gonna pull up my own copy people I'm sorry I'm sorry about that oh
there we go there we go good um look at this who is this this is the 10th uh
hymn In the oric hymns yeah and who is this this is nature nature for everybody
who says uh those people worship nature
bad right those people that do that historically and there always there
always people that do that um these are the people that are doing that thing that those people are not liking them
doing and I just want you to notice in the Top Line This is nature herself and
she is that all mother she is that all mother you know what be a Nazi a
mother yeah it's crazy I don't know this the physics I don't get but that's what the psychologists say post
WW2 that's nice um I want you to notice that poan is on that first line
poan yeah she has many ways of doing things that was not an earthquake she
has many ways of doing things yes she has great intell
yeah she does not need the
mail know that's what she read the text read the text yeah she does the father
and the mother yeah wow who is this who is this
I want you to just uh I want you uh just to notice all of the old old old Greek
forms that we we've gotten this and um notice there's a
cosm oh my God she is that Cosmic complete mother that starry faed as
therapy oh yeah yeah the
sosor oh isn't that nice the bringer of that light that
torch yeah these are nightly rights remember we're working in working in uh
uh environment of Nicks these are offerings to Nicks that were performing
fantastic okay um give me the second part of that
text um hang on one second no let's see we're looking for the Ponto cratera uh help me
look here people it'll be a little game oh here it is it's online one two three four look on that fourth line down that
first word Ponto there's what we're looking for that was the meat underneath you guys
thought we were lost don't worry Aphrodite is with us and it doesn't hurt
it doesn't hurt to have the motherly love when Addis is being
educated right you understand this is the cult this is the cult this is the
pre-christian orphic cult Bronze Age that you people had took over I'm
talking to you evangelicals you know what I'm talking about your savior your Jesus Christ I'll show you the christed
one I'll show you he took it it's all feminine uh modeling it is anyway on the
fourth line down look you know we've got the Ponto she is that one so when Jesus
says I am he's doing it with the oracular I am I was and I will
be remember be practical you can make lenes lenes things like little pills
that size and you make them out of drugs you make them out of drugs and you take
the drugs go ahead you can take that down we'll put the next one up in a second you take those drugs and you
stick them um into your rectum because that's how the medication is applied and
that's why I say the the Angels always have their middle finger is stinky right
because they have the seals don't you think when John was
having his vision after he breaks the seal do you
know that's an expression for administering a suppository oh you didn't I'm sorry it it can also be for
the vagina yes yes okay so Angels middle finger
smells yes when you were in Sodom and gomorra you've got to learn the
rules yes definitely let's go let's go on I'm so this is
pleasurable and you people are crazy for being here absolutely crazy but we'll show you the Alpha and the Omega you
guys want to see it we'll show you remember we're tuning the the Greeks
are using their vowels as Celestial
spheres and they are tuning their
logos yeah fantastic fantastic it's like a fetus it's like a fetal pie let's go
is anybody else hungry let's go to the next um let's go to the next uh yeah
this is way yeah this is let's go to the ptoa there we go this one excellent yeah
I just wanted you to see by the way um they list the orphic hymn 104 just keep
that in mind that's the one that we're looking at right okay uh let's keep going down yeah let's go down there um I
want you to see the verb Meadow here yeah protector rule yeah used by Homer
that Med root look at that Roman numeral number two Meine right to provide for to
be mindful to plan or contrive or devise let's hit the next one okay look at this
med root medon from Meo one who you know
rules a ruler a guardian a guardian a guardian or wait look at number two what
Medusa U Guardian goddess of Aphrodite it's used of Aphrodite did you know that
aphrodite was a Medusa oh I don't think you did did but it's sexy isn't it it's incredibly sexy
who else is it used of nimas nimas everybody knows who that is
right take it down for a minute put it back right back up nimas let's hear something from
nimas mother of the muses remember that remember her
name yes remember ah okay let's go back go back
to that name bo where we found Nas yep yep yep
um and then uh just look down who is it who else Nas is there and oh a palace
Athena oh that's nice the Virgin the Virgin Medusa and of course everybody knows everybody knows that the Virgin is
associated with this toxicology of the Medusa who are the
rulers and if you look down here at the Greek you see Artemus you see Artemis and the tox son oh and you know take it
off you know you've landed squarely in that Bronze Age cult now soon as you see
arrow poison you know okay um let's go one more with med last one
with the med um yeah here madei now when I look we adjusted look what we're doing
people this is you cannot learn this somewhere else and it would be wrong to ever charge for this it would be wrong
we everybody here has a right to know this stuff I wouldn't say it's a right
I'd say it's some kind of cosmic privilege yeah Cosmic
privilege let's look let's tune let's tune look what we're doing this one's
made mind right we're we're lengthening that V what happens when we skip a skip
one of the Holy spheres and jump from three to four right what happens uh to
plan and do cunningly or skillfully to plot and contrive to
invent to take care by watching okay let's go one more and what happens when
we go ahead and what happens when we turn that up like that look at that that vowel is longer all of a sudden we get
genitals genitals and look who they site andromus opu
Jalen you people you people look what you've got
urine fantastic take that down fantastic we we we ended up with
the urine right because that's where it comes from and
if aulus is to be believed it doesn't actually smell like
urine it smells like a brothel and if you think Nero was
interested in this chemistry you would be right you would be right you will be
right so is Augustus I know that classicists don't know that they will
know that but they don't know it now yes shame the Watchers by the way none of
the classicists get out right they have to serve their sentence that's the word
up word from devil right straight from the devil classist
don't get out right we're going to have to uh we're going to have to uh you know
let them know they let us down they let us down but that goes for Bible scholars
double yeah double yeah those guys yes and gals although
they tend to be guy heavy you know something about wearing a veil in public
or something something about yeah you
know yeah it was before any sort of Liberation yeah from the from the U
cheese that bubbled out of the fungus that took down the Roman Empire yeah the
dark medieval Christian era to which we are very happily Skippy returning right and
everybody should recognize this right welcome welcome we welcome with open
arms in Open Arms the guy from Brown the professor from Brown said it'll take him
10 years to catch up 10 years to catch up okay
so Future Past at one present know
yourself right this is so this is this is good stuff this is the oh God love it
um let's keep going with sources this is just to we can't leave this alone can you blow that up chewy at all can we can
we get a good oh you know what I wanted you guys to see here look at the idos Zoe it's on the fourth line from the
bottom ideos zo remember how I was yelling at people telling you don't know about eternal life right because Bible
doesn't say Jesus doesn't say I'll give you eternal life it doesn't say that
it's he says I'll give you ionic life right well here is the line for what is
true eternal life idos right
ideos that does mean unceasing yeah yeah um what but what
Jesus said was not he said I'll give you I'll give you drug heads uh the life that you're in the ion
I'll give you that you can bring it here watch me I can stop the winds cast out
demons I'm the Christ where's my naked
boy yeah yeah it was an unfortunate it was an unfortunate
mistake and that's why we have to sweep swoop in now at this time in history and
sweep up the detritus and take him off to jail look but here's the reference
this this is to her this is to fusus to Nature this is to
urania this is to her and who is she a thousand years
before Jesus she is eternal life yeah that's why he Jesus is wearing
her Aphrodite uh girdle
her Cal yeah did you know Jesus cross
dressed only in the apocalypse right there ought to be a club in La called the apocalypse and in
order to get in you have to dress up as Jesus
crossdressing yeah I would go to that club and I would drink whatever it was
that they were serving in order to get in touch with that
power yeah that's awesome they used to say the BS always lead to
Aphrodite they always lead to Aphrodite Ace
aphrod you can hear the club music you can hear it
right oh my God it's gorgeous let's keep going with the Greek before I dance away
um let's keep let's go to the next when we're running out we're running low on time um I want you to uh please blow it
up I want you to see um this little bit about Cersei um look at just starting
this is from the oric argonon we approached the beach we bound the ship to the shore with the wrongs Jason sent
beloved crewman from the ship to go and inquire as to what kind of men lived in this great land and to learn about the
cities and the settlements of the people all right fine but suddenly there arrived the maiden sister
of noble EES a daughter of Helios okay hold on
this is where it gets gorgeous a daughter of Helios whom they call Cersei
whose mother was asery asery and if you can eat and
breathe ancient Greek you know when you say aery you know who that is yeah
gorgeous this is gorgeousness and gorgos and her father far shining
Hyperion the sun the sun she quickly came down to the ship
and what happened all were struck dumb by the sight wait wait what yes I'm
going to show you this verb and it precisely means that to be
struck to the point of being incommunicado yeah you cannot you cannot
reach out you're stuck I told you those angels take it down for a second we'll bring it back those angels with the
fingers that smell it's this one they right
right yeah it's those guys if you trust those guys you're gonna end up seeing things you're going to end up seeing
things you break those seals oh you're going all the way from alpha to
Omega and that's exactly what I am going to show you how to go Alpha to Omega
this is awesome okay let's go bring us up some more of this Godless Greek okay
no that one perfect perfect perfect and then what happens um all were struck dumb by the side um from her head hung
hair like rays of light her beautiful face Shone out and her breath grew bright with
flames okay pull it down with
[Music] flames oh man I am so so in
that Phoenician Place yeah yeah those Canaanites
dude oh my God you should seen the dance floors
there okay this we we can't go back to Armageddon right we can't go back to
Armageddon did I tell everyone I'm going to take a little extra time Satan will give me a discount
tonight um I'll pay but not as much as you have to worry about um those dance
floors that you could discover in of Canaanite temples yeah way under the stuff the
later ugly ages stuff which is what I call the the um darkness of the
iron those were terrible times yeah and their architecture was terrible anyway
the good stuff that's underneath the really good stuff that those Canaanite dance floors that's what
we found Canaanite dance floor and those two guys got up one night after another
I was sleep it's 2: am. I'm exhausted after carrying dirt all day long this
guy sits up in bed and the guy that's sleeping there next to me his name's mosha and he just starts talking like a
like a growling mechanical dog I sounded like and I told him knock it off because
he was saying word stuff and I was like okay enough I thought he was joking or something you know it was weird but H
you know I don't know he's dreaming maybe anyway he runs off in the next day and has to be taken to a mental hospital
and another guy stays and next night that other guy um he did the same thing he and what was
funny uh and he ended up running off the next day the Israeli police went after
him but this is all in uh an excavation
involved with the side of Armageddon right so what I first thought was a joke
I couldn't the second night when the guy did it the second night and he said the same things the first guy did
I was like all right as a scientist if you're not into that um you're not into
anything you know what I mean okay let's go back to from megido from the
Armageddon here to Alpha to Omega I'm supposed to tune right is this thing
working I don't have all the I don't have much time right I don't have much time we're approaching the halfway mark
and um we have to be done before everything is done
okay fantastic this is gorgeous this is gorgeous bring us up that another text
please after that there we go and oh what is this and I took Peter and his
buddy and another buddy and doesn't matter who James and
John I don't care he took his buddies and he what
he morning oh yeah and he started to um
enter a fa a phase of being dumb struck wait what yeah Jesus this is for
the detectives in the room and by the way we're gonna serve that devil says we're gonna serve that warrant long before the
ending right he's Jesus is going to get what's coming to him so don't worry don't worry um so what happens is right
before this is from Mark and it's right before Jesus is about to go get arrested in a public park at 4:00 a.m. with a
naked kid right diminutive
man well he was at least 16 seriously is that the best you can do
yeah no it's a diminutive too naos so it's even like a little one you
know come on man come on anyway he's there calling himself a pirate right this is before that this is before that
so we're just going to capture a moment bring that up again he's he's doing what he's entering a phase of being dumb
struck like we just saw it's the same word that is used for those of us who
view that goddess dumb struck
oh yeah it was about the time that he was gonna take the
cup yeah okay so he's dumbstruck what else is he what else
want to pull that Bible up this thing belongs to us you know we just we just kicked down the Evangelical Temple and
took their text away from them we just ripped it out of the hands of those people and said you're not Guardians
you're not Guardians look at this a Deon yeah oh what is this yeah this is to be
out ultimately the root here is to be out of one's dayos right one's
neighborhood where are you take it down look how are you feeling right now
because you seem to be freaking out well I feel like I'm out of
myself like I'm out of my neighborhood you know what I mean oh yeah I know what
you mean yeah are you in are you in one of those places yeah I'm in
right right this is did you know they have an entire drug lingo from Antiquity
yeah they do they do and it's quite useful for figuring out what they're doing what they're doing you can you
know autocar was no fool man here's the autocar and those German uh classicists
who managed to do something right yeah they put us to shame people American classicists are like in the you know the
bottom maybe three or four layers of tardus I mean there you
know it really is ugly it's you know look hell is a great place hell is a
great place because the people who deserve it get it the people who deserve
it get it and Lucifer knows that right Lucifer knows that and uh so you know
disgracing am Muse is a kind of a it's a cross-dimensional
crime yeah doesn't matter which dimension yeah they will track you down
uhuh same goes for murder yeah I didn't make the rules just the rules right I
didn't make it yeah good good Madness by
the way how does everybody like the madness I'm supposed to get back we have to take a poll chewy take a poll on the
madness and uh let please let us know we'll ask you you know turn it up turn
it down you know uh hit it full
blast you you know you know what's happening right you can you see the
Mania can you see the Mania yeah you can see it it's not quite
as funny when your face is in it is it but that's the way it is hey
remember this is the prison system right this is the prison system everybody
knows Jesus Christ does not rule here everybody knows that yeah this is great
everybody gets what's coming to them you got to respect that man for having 100% look you say what you want about the
devil and if you meet Byron's devil you might have a little bit more respect
for him yeah but he always comes through
he always comes through he's got a 100% corrective punishment completion
rating yeah CPC they call it demons walk
around what's your CPC you know you can see it it comes out
on their skin you can call it that yeah
anyway yeah um and he always gets you punished so uh you know good news from
the top the warrant's gonna is is for Jesus is g to be uh in the works here
next text please yeah who is this that we're going to now we're going to pendar and we're going to a record of the first
Oracle now now it'll take them 10 years to catch up right it'll take them 10
years to catch up so we've got 10 years where you and I can sit around and we
can say oh this is awesome this is the first right this is she who gave oracles
from Thea oh my goodness it's and what do they say about her who is this I I I
just you [Music] know look I ate
Des yeah who is this leave it up there this is that daughter this is that
daughter of EES and what is she she is
z she is z men we talked about the ilot
we talking about The Iliad tell me oh Muse of the wrath of
ailles she is z menes she is you know what that zah is
that's old old old old intensifier it means plus plus plus plus
plus plus the most of something she has the extreme
passionate wrath oh you gotta love that you gotta love that let's go to the back
to the text same one yeah yeah and what is she doing she's
up right she is apopo she is breathing
out from her what from her aan stoos
from her immortal mouth yeah and who is she she is the Des
pointer of culus she is the queen Des POA is a word that is used for
goddesses goddesses when they called Cersei a
goddess this is what they were calling her yeah yeah oh this is this is fantastic I
want to bottle this and to be able to um take some when I'm
camping yes okay let's go to the next text let's go to the next text before it gets weird yeah what is Jesus he's the
protos Don necron what is that it's a title you can
take it down he it's a title it's title of the dead baby it's
title of a priesthood of the Dead crossdressing priesthood of the
Dead oh my god you're kidding no I'm not no I'm not see Jesus in order to be the
morning star has to take all of the baggage with it yeah yeah yeah love it
love it and he's all like I'm so thirstday where's my naked boy no he
didn't say where's my naked boy yes [Music] what do I look like a child
trafficker okay anyway you know we're going to use that against him and I can't wait I can't wait okay next let's
get us up something up there yeah yeah who is the acon the image of God yeah
and what God is this it's the god a Oru The God Who is unseen again again
everybody who know knows the orphic side knows that this is a very specific God
and is now squeezing just a little bit of body fluids out of some tightened
orifice because you just realize that Fan's is
Jesus yeah yeah Fise is Jesus and do you know where
Fise sticks his Ido on those of you who read the divy
Papyrus know he sticks it in the mouth of Jehovah
J Z yeah yeah why does he do that it's all
about the seed if you're in the myth it's all about the seed if you're in the
cult it's all about the seed do you know what that blood
contains yeah you wanted to learn initiation give initiate us right show
us you wanted to learn now you're learning okay grow up grow up little
children grow up yeah let's keep let's keep moving I'm gonna get in trouble for
going so long let's go next text yes Del to oh you know what I'm just going to
flash some ESO esoteric stuff up here you're not going to get this take this down let me boast let me boast with the
utmost disregard for
humility I'm going to bring you a text to my knowledge it hasn't been
translated Al although recently I thought I hear somebody said it was I haven't seen any translation of it this
is called the oric litha it's called the oric
litha oh oh
Stones stones have you ever had the
milk of the lifegiving stone okay now those of you stop take a
break take a break you know what I'm talking about you're sitting there on the throne get yourself back up and
running under aerion under that star yeah and think about that think
about that I'm going to show you the stone you know you want you know you
want okay hold on you signed to be here you made the agreement go ahead give me
give me that same one good um a second remedy I'm GNA pass on to you to those
of you who pray yeah and it is what it is full this stone is full of the
thes Galos theso
Galos oh you like that that is the thespian
milk yeah and what is that thes PES to bring you take it down
prophecy the milk of
Prophecy I want the milk of Prophecy I want the milk I heard you can get that in
Cyprus yeah yeah is there any disco in
cypris yeah disco they don't call them discos this is not the 70s but they did in the 90s in Israel
they call them discos you and um the people there
understand that milk yeah yeah the yeah the
milk of Prophecy I want some don't you I want who wouldn't want the milk of
Prophecy who wouldn't I would it's Pagan though it's Pagan in mystery not like
modern Christianity I'm talking the original Christianity talking about that
mystery yeah okay let's keep going I'm going way over way over tonight guys
it's okay people will forgive me yeah here's what it's it's full of that milk
yeah and um then he talks about as the breast of the
protu N wait a minute isn't that the same word we just saw isn't Jesus one of
those yes again a title for that nursing
nymph that nursing nymph go ahead take it down that nursing nymph that fruitful
goat yeah yeah what are they talking about remember remember you had to be in their
place to really understand you have to be in there as close as you can get in there right this is not we've gone way
past academic theories we don't need any academic theories thanks Harvard we don't need them
unproductive we need the text give me another text pull up next text I got to keep train going this is too much yes
who do we have here I just wanted you to see that we are talking about the Kur
the Kur the Kora the daughter
I the daughter of EES yes and who is she she is the
poos she is the PO meos take it down polanos where do we see the
polanos we saw that in the very first line of the oric hymn the very first
line of the oric hymn and these hymns predate Christianity by at least six
centuries okay I'd put it back more I'd go back to the eighth or ninth
yeah based on the language love it love it okay um bring that last passage up
again yeah um po meos go ahead take it down bring up after that yeah I just
wanted you to see here this is from Alice hello Alice and Wonderland it's nice to be with you it's nice to be with
you don't worry he was uh um he was
looking for something resourceful yeah inventive it's an
epithet of adicus right adicus is considered poos
isn't that nice it's used of Apollo oh and wait a minute
a when you combine it with the noun M you're referring to
Nature yes that resourceful
mother yeah gorgeous gorgeous um we have to remember that these
Mysteries that they're exercising in Antiquity that these are coming from a
tradition and that that tradition is originally based on late Bronze
Age performance that involve drugs and the
queen of a people and not one of these weak Queen means you look at the
crown today any of them in the world I'm not talking that I'm not talking that that's a joke right I'm talking sir
sinan so that you know take that's right take out open that pouch and take out your purple right put it in your eyes
you know how it works put it in your eyes the angel will be coming and
shortly knock knock knock he's got the suppositories don't worry
right you've got the cian which is what they called it right in at least in the
first century they called it the cian and the only reason we have that Knowledge from guys like
diores and scribonius largus is they had access to the Emperors who are preserving this Augustus is one of them
Nero is one of them and now Yale and Harvard and not Princeton and
Stanford yeah you people Michigan there's good people jump jump on this
look at the andromus yes look at Nero
physician yes oh it's such good stuff and it's so filled with code ran you
didn't know before you came today that a tresos was something you stuck in your rectum and it dissolved
and gave you a vision you didn't know that did you well they did this is how
life went right and it turns out there was a lot of good health there's a lot
of good health stuff there yeah and we very foolishly walked away from it and
the technology now we've got the we've got the programming speeds let's figure
this thing out and bring her back and that way we can all eat fetal pie right
I'm just kidding I'm just kidding no I'm not hail
Satan drinking [Music]
[Applause]
whiske oh yeah